Sharing
-------

1. Public Share

Posting to a social site (facebook, google+, twitter, and the as-yet untested
tumblr) creates a "public" share.  A link is posted to the site in question
that would allow anyone to view the video in question on our unauthenticated
web_player page.

2. Hidden Share

In the "share this video" dialog, you can choose "hidden" or "private" ( private
is the default) and then start entering email addresses in a To: field.  If
the sharing user selected "hidden", then typed in email addresses and submit,
then a "hidden" share is created, and an email goes out to each recipient with
a link that would allow them (and anyone else with that link) to view the video
in question on our unauthenticated web_player page.

In the case that a hidden was sent to a viblio user, and they have not recently 
logged into the viblio site, then they will visit the web_player as an
anonymous user, although there is a link in the header to "sign in".

In the case that a hidden was sent to a viblio user, and they have recently 
logged into the viblio site, then they will visit the web_player as an
authenticated user.

3. Private Share

If the sharing user selected "private", then typed in email addresses and 
submit, then a "private" share is created for each address in the list.

If the target user is already a viblio user, the viblio user's id is inserted
into the private share record.  They will receive an email about the share
with a link that takes them directly to the web_player page.  If they arrive
on that page without a session cookie, they are bounced directly to the viblio
login page.  After successfully authenticating, they are then automatically
bounced back to the web_player as an authenticated user.

If the target of a private share is not already a viblio user, then a special
"pending user" is created (users table, displayname=email, 
provider_id='pending') and that user_id is inserted into the share record.
If we are in BETA (there is an application flag for this), then this pending
user's email is automatically entered onto the whitelist.  The user will get
an email with a different share link that shows the video with a link to play
it, but will take them first to a registration page.

If they arrive at this registration page and they have already registered by
some other means (either in the past and they are clicking on the email again,
or maybe independently via the tray app, etc) then they are directed to the
web_player.  If they have a session key, they see the video, else they are
bounced to the login page, and if they log in, bouced back to the web_player.

If they arrive at the registration page for the first time, they must enter
password, password confirmation and a display name, view the terms of service,
check an "I accept" button, and submit.  This will create a new viblio user,
and then look up the pending user record by matching email, and then replace
all private share user_id==pending_user to user_id==new_user_id.  They are
sent a "welcome to viblio email".  They are then bounced back to the web_player
where they are automatically authenticated.

This functionality has been released into staging after some basic testing of
most of the various corner cases.

